Improvements to our developer guide (#67764)
elastic/kibana: docs/developer/best-practices/stability.asciidoc

[[stability]]
=== Stability

Ensure your feature will work under all possible {kib} scenarios.

[float]
==== Environmental configuration scenarios

> * Cloud

Reviewer: This is probably fine to include here for simplicity, but many of the cloud environment questions aren't relevant to the community.

Author: Good point. Maybe we should extract out what exactly that means. like instead of "does it run on cloud", say, "Will this work with servers that have port forwarding turned on".  But I am not confident enough of the specifics to make those changes right now. Noted for the future.

*** Should not be storing a bunch of stuff in {kib} memory.
*** Should emulate a high availability deployment.
*** Anticipating different timing related issues due to shared resource
access.
*** We need to make sure security is set up in a specific way for
non-standard {kib} indices. (create their own custom roles)
* {kib} running behind a reverse proxy or load balancer, without sticky
sessions. (we have had many discuss/SDH tickets around this)
* If a proxy/loadbalancer is running between ES and {kib}

[float]
==== Kibana.yml settings

* Using a custom {kib} index alias
* When optional dependencies are disabled
** Ensure all your required dependencies are listed in kibana.json
dependency list!

[float]
==== Test coverage

* Does the feature have sufficient unit test coverage? (does it handle
storeinSessions?)
* Does the feature have sufficient Functional UI test coverage?
* Does the feature have sufficient Rest API coverage test coverage?
* Does the feature have sufficient Integration test coverage?

[float]
==== Browser coverage

Refer to the list of browsers and OS {kib} supports
https://www.elastic.co/support/matrix

> Does the feature work efficiently on the below listed browsers - chrome
> - Firefox - Safari - IE11

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Does the feature work efficiently on the list of supported browsers? 
```
Small tweak to make this more 'evergreen'
